puppy puppy puppy puppy puppy puppy I'm
22 years old from Orlando Florida and
I've been modeling now for about a year
and a half and I would like to be honest
rambling
this year because I am single and I want
to meet someone who's gonna make me
laugh I'm a big movie person and there's
a lot about me that you guys might need
to know so let me just give you a brief
background about me my friends would
call me crazy outgoing and sometimes
they'll call me a paparazzi paparazzi
because when I have one or two drinks I
love taking pictures so I snap away at
anything they call me crazy because I'm
just one tenuous one out of the group
I'll just say let's go to Tampa and wile
out and have fun and they're like okay
let's go and then we'll have the best
time of our lives and then they also
call me funny because I'm always making
everybody laugh I love to laugh myself
and everything else I make jokes i crack
on people which is kind of a bad thing
but I mean who does a cracker people
it's human nature um three things about
myself that I would describe how it was
how I would describe myself would be
athletic
I loved working out I've been an athlete
all my life very spontaneous I loved
doing there
things as far as bowling movies and etc
that you skydive I would be on my list
and I am very caring I have a big heart
and sometimes people take advantage of
that but not this time
um let's say to my phobia my phobia I
would have to say mmm I hate insects
like insects is one of the biggest
things that I hate but I could do it
like snakes but like spiders and stuff I
really don't like my very adventurous I
like travelling hiking and doing stuff
like that just being in and let's see
what would you like to know about me oh
when I go to the club I love music I
lived through music I had my ipod touch
which is right behind me I lived through
that every day when I go to the bar I
have a couple of drinks I'm always a
lady but I love to dance
I have to make in and have African
American so I love reggae I love hip-hop
I love R&B be I love all types of music
actually and I just love dancing I love
hearing music my Krista club and that's
just something I always love to do and
let's see for Spring Break the craziest
thing I ever done was when Savannah and
I think we was streaking at our Beach so
it was pretty cool um first timer and
the weirdest thing that happened we had
a date on my first date it was someone
actually fighting me in the movie
theaters which I thought was kind of
weird but you know I just kind of
brushed it off but that's okay but
hopefully you guys would pick me so I
could have another first date and it
goes very well because I am ready for me
latest them and it's hard being a single
I want to share my life with someone so
scream going be easy I hope you guys
pick me and see you later ciao
so time I bring a waitress trays that
won't even ask what a hair bow just a
bar like a bar like a third of our line
I like them niggas over there I wanna
fire Rosie